Who is the father of the child?
Brother Zeyuan
Ji Yanxi's daughter
He was born with another man
Don't be fooled by him.
Kenshin, you poor woman who loves wealth
I betrayed Brother Ziyuan for money
And now he's taking a bastard back to deceive him
You still want Shameless Kenshin
Is Qingqing my child?
No.
Qingqing is not your child
I betrayed you.
Qingqing was born to me and another man
So Huo Zeyuan
Don't be affectionate in the future
Brother Feng Yuan
Ji Yanxi, he is a feisty woman
Don't be soft on him anymore.
Dad?
How do you feel?
I feel much better now.
Thank you dad for operating on me
green
Do you know where your real father is?